src/2021/aboutThumbCollection/RauneFrankjær.md, before:

---
name: 'Raune Frankjær'
sortName: 'Frankjær'
description: 'I’m a spatial media designer focusing on digital artefacts, interactive environments and wearable technologies. Currently I’m a Phd fellow at Digital Design and Information Studies at Aarhus University, where I explore mediation of nonhuman / posthuman data, and new ways of applying digital technology blended with traditional crafts and organic materials to expand the boundaries of human perception and connectivity'
url: 'http://frankjaer.de/'
thumbUrl: '/assets/2021_AboutThumbs/Raune.jpg'
tags: 'PCD2021about'
date: 1958-01-01
---
<!-- description: 'I’m a spatial media designer focusing on digital artefacts, interactive environments and wearable technologies. Currently I’m a Phd fellow at Digital Design and Information Studies at Aarhus University, where I explore mediation of nonhuman / posthuman data, and new ways of applying digital technology blended with traditional crafts and organic materials to expand the boundaries of human perception and connectivity. Deeply vested into the pursuit of a more sustainable and live-able world for all of us (human and nonhuman alike), I see the role of design and designers in imagining new and better solutions to how and what things are and how can they be done' -->

Commit message:

Added better styling to mobile

src/2021/aboutThumbCollection/RauneFrankjær.md, after:

---
name: 'Raune Frankjær'
sortName: 'Frankjær'
description: "I'm a spatial media designer focusing on digital artefacts, interactive environments and wearable technologies.
Currently I work as a Postdoc at the project Growing CoDesign hosted by the Dept. of Digital Design and Information Studies at Aarhus University. My research is practice-based and experimental and blends traditional crafts, organic materials and novel sensing technology. I am mainly interested in how digital technologies and creative-aesthetic practices can be applied as a way to reengage with the world we inhabit and build healthy relationships to the nonhumans that make up our life-world. Deeply vested into the pursuit of a more sustainable and live-able world for all of us (human and nonhuman alike), I see the role of design and designers in imagining new and better solutions to how and what things are and how can they be done."
url: 'http://frankjaer.de/'
thumbUrl: '/assets/2021_AboutThumbs/Raune.jpg'
tags: 'PCD2021about'
date: 1958-01-01
---
